Hi, my name is Otário (Sucker)!
Do you know what I did today?
I bought a brasilian Lottery ticket!
I'll be rich!
Yeahhh!
This time I'll win!
But the Brasilian Lotteries is a serious business?
Or is it just bullshit?
Well, if you also like to buy these tickets.
Before dreaming about what you will do
with these millions of dollars in your account ...
It's good to know about some things.
So here we go!
Generally, the draw of the Lottery
are conducted from Monday through Saturday ...
inside a truck. That's right, a truck!
Somewhere of Brazil.
It is through this mobile unit
that CAIXA democratizes the draw.
So, people from all regions of the country
Can check the transparency
and safety of the sweepstakes.
Ok!
But is it really safe?
Well, besides the audience...
[Sound of crickets]
All sweepstakes are conducted and validated
formally by CAIXA employees ...
And two other members of the public
that act as "auditors".
Hummmmm, auditors selected from the public
Ahhhh, that's good, huh?
I just wonder what these audience selected
auditors would do...
if they have to audit a magic show
from David Coperfield!
Well, but now that I know that the CAIXA ensures
a secure and fraud proof sweepstakes...
inside a truck...
And the auditors are experienced and reliable!
Where does the money goes
from these bets, huh?
Part of the amount collected from the bets
is transferred to the Federal Government
Who can then invest in areas like:
health, education, security, culture and sports.
Benefiting the entire population!
Wowwwww that's cool!
Now, I am much more relaxed!
But what is the probability that I have
of winning in the Mega Sena, for example?
The chance of winning with a ticket
of 6 numbers is basically 1 in 50 million!
Can you imagine what this mean?
This means the following...
It is easier to you to be struck by lightning!
(1 / 1.000.000)
Or getting hit by a truck
(1 / 16.000)
Or take a shot in a robbery (in Brazil)
(1 / 5.000)
Than winning the Mega Sena!
But okay, I'm very lucky...
The system is safe...
CAIXA is anti-fraud and
I'm helping society.
But, what about the "money laundering"?
Am I contributing for this shit to happen?
What does CAIXA's Lottery and money laundering have in common?!
One of the simplest ways
to launder money ...
Is buying winners lottery tickets
Or even making bets that often
outweigh the value of his own award!
But, is it possible to CAIXA to prevent
that this type of crime to happen?
Some simple procedures like,
registration of the players...
And insertion of player's ID on the
ticket at the time that the bet in done
Whould decrease a lot this type of crime
But why they don't do that?
Is it so difficult to register a punter
Or put a simple ID on the ticket,
making it nominal?
Am I a genius and they
had never thought of that before?!
Or will it hinder the interests of
those who gain from this scheme?
The Jogo do Bicho (a brasilian illigal game), it also helps poor communities, promotes the carnival and auditors from the public!
But the harm that they bring to
society are far greater than the benefits!
The way things are...
the only difference I see between
CAIXA's Lotteries and the "Jogo do Bicho"...
Is that the scale of things in the CAIXA's
Lotteries are infinitely greater.
CAIXA, when you guys are going to make
something about this problem?!
Otherwise, it looks like you guys are
colluded with this shit!
You guys are not colluding with this shit, huh?
Next time you're thinking to get rich
with games like this, think again...
Maybe if you save your money, you may
have much more in the future!
If you spend 40 reais per month in
Mega Sena, for example...
After 20 years, if you were not drawn,
you have thrown away a brand new car.
And if you're one of those addicted gamblers,
who spend more than 1000 reais monthly!
After 20 years, you will have thrown in the trash,
about $ 1 million reais!
That is, you gave away a winning
ticket of 1 million reais...
And took a ticket that gives you
the chance to win that value!
Does that make sense?
Don't fuck me!
Ahhhh .... Can I ask
my money back?
Did you like it, subscribe to the channel!
And do not forget to share it!
- To the lucky, everyone is equal
[CAIXA's Lotteries slogan]
But to launder money,
the best are the CAIXA's Lotteries.
Let's go!